hello this is Jeff and welcome to select
Motors Ltd visit our website at select
motors comm this is a 2003 BMW x5 with a
Sport Package has the 3.0 liter
6-cylinder engine color is Oxford green
metallic it's a very dark green and has
a tan leather interior Sport package
includes sports suspension has 18-inch
sport wheels little different Grill
treatment and the front bumper has white
instead of amber parking and turn signal
lights in the front and the rear body
color door handles has shadow line trim
it's shiny
instead of a flat black all around the
mirror and around every window it's a
nice touch the inside has a sport
steering wheel and sport seats much
better support in the standard seat and
they are powered and the driver seat has
memory front seats are heated
we have side airbags front and rear
power moonroof and the sport package
also includes a dark headliner instead
of a light-colored one usually they're
gray
steering wheel controls
lots of room in the back we have a shade
package both sides that was an option
split tailgate even has a power
retractable rear back rests so you can
control them from back here or the rear
passengers could control it and adjust
the rear seats for for their individual
comfort there's a full-size spare under
here we have the CD changer that's also
with an avid navigation disc is stored
exceptional body condition no dings or
scratches
very nice paint finish beautiful leather
the wood grain is exceptional and that's
the navigation screen and it has a
onboard computer full climate control
rain-sensing windshield wipers stability
control lots of nice features
very safe SUV very comfortable and fun
to drive great color combination all
wheel drive thanks for your time give us
a call if you have any further questions